c:\users\vargai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\vargai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\vargai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\vargai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vargai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\vargai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\vargai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\vargai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\vargai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\vargai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\vargai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\vargai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vargai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\vargai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\vargai\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\vargai\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\vargai\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\vargai\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\vargai\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\OperatorWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\vargai\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\OperatorWindow.baml
C:\Users\vargai\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Style.baml
C:\Users\ivan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\_TEST_LEARN\wpf-design-2\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
C:\Users\ivan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\_TEST_LEARN\wpf-design-2\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
C:\Users\ivan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\_TEST_LEARN\wpf-design-2\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
